---
page_title: "Data Source: grafana-dashboard-json_dashboard"
description: |-
      Generates the JSON for Grafana dashboards.
---

# Data Source: grafana-dashboard-json_dashboard

This data source allows you to generate the JSON to be used to configure Grafana dashboards. This data source is
designed to be used directly with
the [`grafana_dashboard` resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs/resources/dashboard).

~> The following dashboard properties are not yet supported: `annotations`, `templating`, `links`.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "grafana-dashboard-json_dashboard" "example" {
  title       = "Example dashboard"
  description = "This is an example dashboard which is generated by Terraform."
  tags        = ["managed-by-terraform"]

  time {
    from = "now-6h"
    to   = "now"
  }

  timepicker {
    time_options      = ["5m", "15m", "1h"]
    refresh_intervals = ["15s", "1m", "5m", "15m", "30m", "1h"]
  }

  panels = [
    // A list of panels
  ]
}

resource "grafana_dashboard" "example" {
  config_json = data.grafana-dashboard-json_dashboard.example.rendered_json
}
```

### Configuring panels and rows

It is recommended that you configure panels and rows using the `grafana-dashboard-json_panel`
and `grafana-dashboard-json_row` data sources, and configuring the `panels` attribute with their rendered JSON. This
allows you to use the native Terraform syntax to configure the panels.

All rows and panels will be automatically provided an auto-incrementing ID in the order they're provided.

```terraform
data "grafana-dashboard-json_row" "row_a" {
  // See the docs for grafana-dashboard-json_row
}
data "grafana-dashboard-json_panel" "panel_a" {
  // See the docs for grafana-dashboard-json_panel
}
data "grafana-dashboard-json_panel" "panel_b" {
  // See the docs for grafana-dashboard-json_panel
}

data "grafana-dashboard-json_dashboard" "example" {
  title       = "Example dashboard"
  description = "This is an example dashboard which is generated by Terraform."
  tags        = ["managed-by-terraform"]

  time {
    from = "now-6h"
    to   = "now"
  }

  timepicker {
    time_options      = ["5m", "15m", "1h"]
    refresh_intervals = ["15s", "1m", "5m", "15m", "30m", "1h"]
  }

  panels = [
    data.grafana-dashboard-json_row.row_a.rendered_json,
    data.grafana-dashboard-json_panel.panel_a.rendered_json,
    data.grafana-dashboard-json_panel.panel_b.rendered_json,
  ]
}

resource "grafana_dashboard" "example" {
  config_json = data.grafana-dashboard-json_dashboard.example.rendered_json
}
```

### Manually configuring panels and rows

You can alternatively provide the panels and/or rows as a raw JSON-encoded string, which is useful for panels which are
not supported by the provided data sources.

If provided, these panels will be _appended_ to any panels/rows provided in the `panels` attribute, so you will need to
ensure they are positioned correctly (using `gridPos`).

Each panel/row provided will also be automatically given an auto-incrementing ID in the order they're provided, which
will begin after any panels/rows provided in the `panels` attribute.

```terraform
data "grafana-dashboard-json_dashboard" "example" {
  title       = "Example dashboard"
  description = "This is an example dashboard which is generated by Terraform."
  tags        = ["managed-by-terraform"]

  time {
    from = "now-6h"
    to   = "now"
  }

  timepicker {
    time_options      = ["5m", "15m", "1h"]
    refresh_intervals = ["15s", "1m", "5m", "15m", "30m", "1h"]
  }

  panels = []
  extra_panel_json = jsonencode([
    {
      type      = "row"
      title     = "Example Row"
      titleSize = "h6"
      gridPos = {
        h = 1
        w = 24
        x = 0
        y = 0
      }
    },
    // Other panels can go here
  ])
}

resource "grafana_dashboard" "example" {
  config_json = data.grafana-dashboard-json_dashboard.example.rendered_json
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `panels` (List of String) The panels to include in the dashboard. This should be a list of JSON-encoded strings, and is designed to be used with the `grafana-dashboard-json_panel` data source. See the examples above.
- `title` (String) The title of the dashboard.

### Optional

- `description` (String) An optional description of the dashboard.
- `editable` (Boolean) When `true`, those with Editor and Admin roles will be able to manually edit the dashboard. Defaults to `true`.
- `extra_panel_json` (String) Use this to add any additional panel JSON to the dashboard, for example for any configurations not supported by the `grafana-dashboard-json_panel` data source. This must be provided as a JSON-encoded string of a list of objects, and will be appended to any panels provided in the `panels` attribute. See the examples above.
- `graph_tooltip` (Number) Denotes how the tooltip is configured for panels in the dashboard. Use `0` for no shared crosshair or tooltip (default), `1` for shared crosshair, or `2` for shared crosshair and shared tooltip. Defaults to `0`.
- `live_now` (Boolean) Whether to continuously re-draw panels where the time range references `now`. Defaults to `false`.
- `refresh` (String) How frequently to auto-refresh panels in the dashboard. This must be a valid Go duration string (eg, `1m`) and is disabled by default.
- `style` (String) The dashboard theme. Must be one of: [light dark auto]. Defaults to `auto`.
- `tags` (List of String) Any tags to associate with the dashboard.
- `time` (Block List) The default time range to use when displaying the dashboard. A maximum of 1 block can be provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--time))
- `timepicker` (Block List) Configuration for the timepicker. A maximum of 1 block can provided. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timepicker))
- `timezone` (String) The default timezone the dashboard is displayed with. Must be one of: [browser utc]. Defaults to `browser`.
- `week_start` (String) The weekday to use at the start of each week. Must be one of: [saturday sunday monday].

### Read-Only

- `rendered_json` (String) The rendered dashboard JSON, which can be used with the `config_json` attribute of the [`grafana_dashboard` resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/grafana/grafana/latest/docs/resources/dashboard).

<a id="nestedblock--time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `time`

Required:

- `from` (String) A time, relative to `now`, to display any panels from. Must be in the form `now-<duration>` where `<duration>` is a valid duration string (eg, `6h`).
- `to` (String) A time, relative to `now`, to display any panels until. Must be in the form `now-<duration>` where `<duration>` is an optional duration string (eg, `1m`). Usually configured to `now`.


<a id="nestedblock--timepicker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timepicker`

Optional:

- `hidden` (Boolean) Whether the timepicker should be hidden.
- `now_delay` (String) Configure this to exclude recent data which may be incomplete. Must be a valid duration string.
- `refresh_intervals` (List of String) A list of intervals users can configure the dashboard to auto-refresh with. Must be a list of valid duration strings.
- `time_options` (List of String) A mysterious setting that doesn't seem to do anything. Must be a list of valid duration strings.
